README.md, before:

# Bulk Empire
## Introduction
Bulk Empire is an online weightlifting club that offers many services such as workout advice, routines, tutorials and online personal training sessions to assist people who are motivated and interested to begin lifting weights or exercising to improve their lifestyle. Due to the nature of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the site is targetted at an audience who prefer to exercise remotely at home with the gym equipment provided to reduce the risk of being infected and to feel safer.  

![Responsive Screenshot Markup](/documentation/screenshots/ss-responsive-home-one.jpg)

[The live website can be viewed here on GitHub pages.](https://legenduzair.github.io/bulk-empire-MS1/)

## UX
## Wireframes
Before developing the website, I used Balsamiq Wireframes to design the potential layout and structure of content for each page for desktop, tablet and mobile view. The wireframes designed are listed below.

### Desktop View
- [Home page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-home.jpg)
- [Workouts page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-workouts.jpg)
- [Memberships page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-memberships.jpg)
- [Sign Up page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-signup.jpg)

### Tablet View
- [Home & Workout pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-tablet-home-workouts.jpg)
- [Memberships & Sign Up pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-tablet-memberships-signup.jpg)

### Mobile View
- [All pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-mobile.jpg)

## Features

### Regular Features
- Navigation Bar

  - The navigation bar is located at the top of the website across all pages and has an identical design for easy navigation.
  - Across the entire website, the company logo is placed on the right and the navigation links are placed on the left. These links include Home, Workouts, Memberships and Sign Up. All of these titles link to their corresponding pages for easy navigation. The company logo acts as a shortcut back to the home page.
  - The navigation bar is designed to be fully responsive across all smaller viewport sizes. For mobile/smaller sized screens, the format of the bar is adjusted to a column display where the navigation links are aligned vertically below the company logo which is centered at the top of the page. For tablets/medium sized screens, the links are horizontally aligned and are placed below the company logo which is centered at the top of the page.
  - The company logo and navigation links can be hovered over to display an orange color using the rgba color model. This specific color is used for various content on the website.  

![Nav Bar](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-navbar.jpg)

- Footer

  - The footer section is located at the bottom of each web page and supplies useful contact information. It includes the relevant social media links in the format of their respective logos,that Bulk Empire is present on. 
  - These links are helpful to keep the user engaged in learning and reading more information about Bulk Empire and is also beneficial to the company by increasing social media following and recognition globally.
  - The background color of the footer is a darker variant of grey that offers visual contrast to the background color of the main section which is a lighter grey. Like the links in the header, the footer links can also be hovered over to display the same orange color.

![Footer](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-footer.jpg)

### Home Page
- About Bulk Empire Section

  - The home page provides background information about Bulk Empire and a summary of the services that are offered to the user. This section is the first point of visual contact for the user so it is important that the benefits and values of joining Bulk Empire is included. The about us section will also allow the user to understand the reasoning behind the initiation of Bulk Empire due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
  - Below the background information of the company, a button is also displayed which takes the user to the sign up form to enter a giveaway provided by Bulk Empire.
  - The home page also includes two images of individuals who are weightlifting as a visual indicator to motivate the user to initiate a change in their lifestyle.

![Home Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-home.jpg)

### Workouts Page
- Home Workouts Section

  - The workouts page provides the user one of many weekly workout routines they can engage in using gym equipment provided by Bulk Empire.
  - The details of each daily workout is structured around a center image of an individual exercising at home. This structure allows the user to follow the workout without any confusion and the image is present to motivate the user to exercise at home.

![Workouts Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-workouts.jpg)

### Memberships Page
- Membership Plans Section

  - The memberships page provides details of all Bulk Empire membership plans from silver to platinum and all the benefits that are included in each one. The price is also indicated below each plan.
  - Below the membership plans, the various gym equipment provided with each plan is also listed. This is beneficial to the user and the organisation as they do not have to purchase seperate equipment from another company/retailer.

![Memberships Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-memberships.jpg)

### Sign Up Page
- Giveaway Form

  - The giveaway/sign up form allows the user to enter a competition held by Bulk Empire to win a free personal training session. The user is required to fill in each input field using their contact details such as first name, last name and email address. As well as this, the user will also be able to specify why they should win the giveaway and choose their favourite workout i they have one. 
  - A background image of two individuals engaged in a personal training session is displayed behind the sign up form. This is a visual indicator to the user that Bulk Empire is determined to help its clients with reaching their fitness goals and achievements. 

![Sign Up Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-signup.jpg)

### Hidden Pages
- Sign Up Confirmation Page

  - One page that does not appear on navigation bar is the sign up confirmation page that users can access once they have entered the giveaway by completing the form.
  - A thank you for participating message is displayed on the screen. This indicates confirmation to the user that they have successfully entered the giveaway, whilst also providing information on future contests and the quality of rewards the user can potentially acquire.

Commit message:

Add screenshot of sign up confirmation page to files and readme and add more content to readme

README.md, after:

# Bulk Empire
## Introduction
Bulk Empire is an online weightlifting club that offers many services such as workout advice, routines, tutorials and online personal training sessions to assist people who are motivated and interested to begin lifting weights or exercising to improve their lifestyle. Due to the nature of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the site is targetted at an audience who prefer to exercise remotely at home with the gym equipment provided to reduce the risk of being infected and to feel safer.  

![Responsive Screenshot Markup](/documentation/screenshots/ss-responsive-home-one.jpg)

[The live website can be viewed here on GitHub pages.](https://legenduzair.github.io/bulk-empire-MS1/)

## UX
## Wireframes
Before developing the website, I used Balsamiq Wireframes to design the potential layout and structure of content for each page for desktop, tablet and mobile view. The wireframes designed are listed below.

### Desktop View
- [Home page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-home.jpg)
- [Workouts page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-workouts.jpg)
- [Memberships page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-memberships.jpg)
- [Sign Up page](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-signup.jpg)

### Tablet View
- [Home & Workout pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-tablet-home-workouts.jpg)
- [Memberships & Sign Up pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-tablet-memberships-signup.jpg)

### Mobile View
- [All pages](https://github.com/legenduzair/bulk-empire-MS1/blob/main/documentation/screenshots/balsamiq-mobile.jpg)

## Features

### Regular Features
- Navigation Bar

  - The navigation bar is located at the top of the website across all pages and has an identical design for easy navigation.
  - Across the entire website, the company logo is placed on the right and the navigation links are placed on the left. These links include Home, Workouts, Memberships and Sign Up. All of these titles link to their corresponding pages for easy navigation. The company logo acts as a shortcut back to the home page.
  - The navigation bar is designed to be fully responsive across all smaller viewport sizes. For mobile/smaller sized screens, the format of the bar is adjusted to a column display where the navigation links are aligned vertically below the company logo which is centered at the top of the page. For tablets/medium sized screens, the links are horizontally aligned and are placed below the company logo which is centered at the top of the page.
  - The company logo and navigation links can be hovered over to display an orange color using the rgba color model. This specific color is used for various content on the website.  

![Nav Bar](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-navbar.jpg)

- Footer

  - The footer section is located at the bottom of each web page and supplies useful contact information. It includes the relevant social media links in the format of their respective logos,that Bulk Empire is present on. 
  - These links are helpful to keep the user engaged in learning and reading more information about Bulk Empire and is also beneficial to the company by increasing social media following and recognition globally.
  - The background color of the footer is a darker variant of grey that offers visual contrast to the background color of the main section which is a lighter grey. Like the links in the header, the footer links can also be hovered over to display the same orange color.

![Footer](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-footer.jpg)

### Home Page
- About Bulk Empire Section

  - The home page provides background information about Bulk Empire and a summary of the services that are offered to the user. This section is the first point of visual contact for the user so it is important that the benefits and values of joining Bulk Empire is included. The about us section will also allow the user to understand the reasoning behind the initiation of Bulk Empire due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
  - Below the background information of the company, a button is also displayed which takes the user to the sign up form to enter a giveaway provided by Bulk Empire.
  - The home page also includes two images of individuals who are weightlifting as a visual indicator to motivate the user to initiate a change in their lifestyle.

![Home Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-home.jpg)

### Workouts Page
- Home Workouts Section

  - The workouts page provides the user one of many weekly workout routines they can engage in using gym equipment provided by Bulk Empire.
  - The details of each daily workout is structured around a center image of an individual exercising at home. This structure allows the user to follow the workout without any confusion and the image is present to motivate the user to exercise at home.

![Workouts Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-workouts.jpg)

### Memberships Page
- Membership Plans Section

  - The memberships page provides details of all Bulk Empire membership plans from silver to platinum and all the benefits that are included in each one. The price is also indicated below each plan.
  - Below the membership plans, the various gym equipment provided with each plan is also listed. This is beneficial to the user and the organisation as they do not have to purchase seperate equipment from another company/retailer.

![Memberships Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-memberships.jpg)

### Sign Up Page
- Giveaway Form

  - The giveaway/sign up form allows the user to enter a competition held by Bulk Empire to win a free personal training session. The user is required to fill in each input field using their contact details such as first name, last name and email address. As well as this, the user will also be able to specify why they should win the giveaway and choose their favourite workout i they have one. 
  - A background image of two individuals engaged in a personal training session is displayed behind the sign up form. This is a visual indicator to the user that Bulk Empire is determined to help its clients with reaching their fitness goals and achievements. 

![Sign Up Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-signup.jpg)

### Hidden Pages
- Sign Up Confirmation Page

  - One page that does not appear on navigation bar is the sign up confirmation page that users can access once they have entered the giveaway by completing the form.
  - A thank you for participating message is displayed on the screen. This indicates confirmation to the user that they have successfully entered the giveaway, whilst also providing information on future contests and the quality of rewards the user can potentially acquire.
  - A background image of a client and a trainee exercising together is present to display to the user the morals and goals of Bulk Empire. This is a common design element used across the website.

![Sign Up Confirmation Page](/documentation/screenshots/bulk-empire-formsubmit.jpg)
